What is machine learning?
Machine learning is  a form of AI that enables a system to learn from data rather than through explicit programming.

Iterative learning from data.
	Machine learning enables models to train on datasets before being deployed.
	Online ml Models:
		These models continuously adapt as new data is ingested.
		These models are continuously refined by processing new data in real time and     training the system to adapt to changing patterns and associations in the data.
	Offline ml Models:
		These models once deployed do not change.

Defining Big Data:
	Big data is any kind of data source with at least one of the four properties called the four V's:
		1.Extremely large Volumes of data
		2.The ability to move that data at high Velocity of speed
		3.An ever-expanding Variety of data sources
		4.Veracity so that data sources truly represent the truth
		
	NOTE*: 1.The accuracy of a machine learning model can increase substantially if its trained on big data.
		   2.Big data incorporates all kinds of data including, 
			a.Structured data
			b.Unstructured data
			c.Semi-Structured data
	
The need to understand your data:
	1.You need to understand the origin of your data
	2.You must also perform data cleansing or tidying.
	Data Cleaning:
		It is the process of transforming the data into a form that the machine can understand.
		
	
Descriptive analysis:
	Descriptive analysis helps the analysts understand current reality in the business.
	You need to understand the context of historical data in order to understand the current reality of where the business is today.
	
Predictive Analysis:
	Predictive analysis helps anticipate changes based on understanding the patterns and anomalies within the data.
	A predictive analytics tool requires that the model is constantly provided with new data that reflects business change
	With a predictive model you look into the future.
	
	
Roles of statics and data mining in ML:
	1.Statistics:
		It is the science of analyzing data.
		It is used to reach conclusions about the data
		
		Machine learning models leverage statistical algorithms and apply them to predict analytics.
		
	2.Data Mining:
		It's the process of exploring and analyzing large amounts of data to discover patterns in that data.
		Algorithms are used to find the relationships and patterns in data, then this information is used to make predictions.
		NOTE*: Generally data mining tools are used on large volumes of structured data.
		
Approaches to machine learning:
	Machine learning techniques are required to improve the accuracy of predictive models.
	The category depends on the problem statement and also the volume of data.
	The categories are:
		a.Supervised learning:
			Supervised learning typically begins with an established set of data
			and a certain understanding of how the data is classified.
			
			Supervised learning is intended to find the patterns in data that can be applied to analytics process.
			
			This data has labeled features that define the meaning of the data.
			
			NOTE*: 1.When the label is continuous it is regression
				   2. When the data comes from a finite set of values it is classification
				   
				   Regression helps understand the correlation between the variables.
				   
			The algorithms are trained using preprocessed examples and at the end performance
			of the algo is evaluated with the test data.
			
			NOTE*: Patterns that are identified for a subset of data can’t be detected in the larger population of data.
					If the model is fit only to represent the patterns that exist in the training subset, it
					creates a problem called overfitting.
					Overfitting:
						It means that our model is precisely tuned for your training data but may not 
						be applicable for large sets of unknown data.
						
			Applications of supervised learning:
				1. Fraud detection
				2. Recommendation solutions
				3. Speech recognition
				4. Risk analysis
				5. Image Classification

